with joy for everybody I've enjoyed a
delicious switch would you like one
no no one quite good I have had um enjoy
in years have how good is I grab that
like a bird grabs oh come on man that's
like heroin this is more over here come
on hello is anyone drugging like he's
getting a sweat tossing me one of those
delicious almond joys you go Jimmy wait
Jimmy's eating myself thank you
tomato what is it you like about the
almond joys so much
they just makes me feel like
everything's okay I don't know why but I
have to eat them all I can't leave any
of these delicious treats they're nice
they're delicious
I cannot leave the money always people
you like fuck me what Sorachi better
come on
alright fuck me I'm not bitter are you
splitting them in half why do you ask me
questions to Twitchell's read funnier
tender sentiments you feel a little
better okay you know what well I'll give
it to you cuz you putting your fingers
in your eye let him read it okay oh yeah
I won't even look at Dan and Luis
the naughtiness opening that bag yes
bill that I found this I feel I feel the
world
don't let the quality your mouth you got
a gusting push it hard
oh the glassy eyes I'm gonna throw up
oh here it comes baby come on rocket
collection infantry it made you wasting
precious almond joys that you would have
really enjoyed when you were a little
kid your mother wouldn't give you to the
trash can't reach into the trash cans
filled with trash picked up the almond
joy bone pile and shoves it right back
in his mouth sure this thing's
projectile vomit and whistles started
dry heaving toward Eric Eric
with his puking yeah he's trying to
place it
waste the rebels taste the fucking red
ball I can't God Vic the ovens you hate
this it's like already going on it's
like we read missus about nearly as bad
as wanna throw up over there get on the
joy alright it feel good
that was like a fucking animal is
running into his mouth at Lightspeed
all right ladies Beauty ever all that
affirming this fall over the studio
fuck your party will fuck that's
disrespectful to the death squad I'm
sorry Joe that's like that's like
suicide by cop you've got a couple of
UFC guys I'm sorry no I mean these guys